I just found this device that apparently
charges your phone with fire let see if
it actually works it's called the camp
stove 2 plus and it apparently uses
patented combustion technology to create
a Vortex of smokeless Flames W it
definitely looks
[Music]
premium seeing what I see so this is the
Hub where it's taking in the heat energy
from the fire and turning it into
electricity that your other gadgets can
use it's quite cool about this is you
should just be able to grab some wooden
sticks from outside imagine doing this
every time you need to charge your phone
so they're going to go into this chamber
here and goes a fire starter so you can
see there's three different bars here
one at the end shows you the battery
level this shows you the fan speed and
this one here shows you how much energy
the fire is currently Genera which in
our case is zero oh we got one Fire
Light so this is what a normal fire
looks like then the fan kicks it and
that's what turns it into this Vortex oh
look that means the battery's charging
what this is for is for people who are
lighting a fire anyways and just don't
want to waste the heat energy that comes
out of it boom it works